[EPH] Update event-hub version to 2.1.1 and make it compatible with EPH (#4333)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-processor-host/changelog.md

## 2019-07-16 2.0.0

> - Minimum dependency on `@azure/event-hubs: "^2.1.1"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the latest version of the dependency on [@azure/event-hubs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/event-hubs/v/2.1.1) that has fixes for the following bugs
        - TODO: Talk about the unhandled exception here
        - TODO: Talk about the network related bug fixes that were done in Event Hubs
```

This will tell the customers what they will benefit from if they make this upgrade

#### Breaking Changes

> - If you have been using the `createFromAadTokenCredentials` function to create an instance of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have been using the `createFromAadTokenCredentials` function or the `createFromAadTokenCredentialsWithCustomCheckpointAndLeaseManager` function to create an instance of the 
```

`EventProcessorHost`, you will now need to use the [@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth) 
library instead of [ms-rest-azure](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ms-rest-azure) library to create 

> the credentials that are needed by the `createFromAadTokenCredentials` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the credentials that are needed by these functions.
```

## 2019-07-16 2.0.0

> - Use the latest version of the dependency on [@azure/event-hubs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/event-hubs/v/2.1.1) that has fixes for the following bugs

Reviewer: Since the individual points are speaking in terms of fixes... 

```suggestion
- Use the latest version of the dependency on [@azure/event-hubs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/event-hubs/v/2.1.1) that has the following bug fixes
```

      - Added event handlers for `error` and `protocolError` events on the connection object to avoid the case of unhandled exceptions. This is related to the [bug 4136](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/4136)
      - A network connection lost error is now treated as retryable error. A new error with name `ConnectionLostError` 

>       is introduced for this scenario which you can see if you enable the [logs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs#enable-logs).

Reviewer: Can EPH users use the same kind of logging mechanism? Should we point them to the section in EPH instead of EH?

Author: I also thought about it but above we mentioned that event hubs has the following bug fixes that's why I added the link for event hubs logging mechanism.

Event hubs logging mechanism is different than EPH:
Event hubs : `export DEBUG=azure*`
EPH: `export DEBUG=azure:eph*`

Author: I'll update the link to point them to the EPH debug section.
